---
layout: post
title: Muppets
---

Did you ever think that Muppets were made for educational purposes? The first Muppet was made by Jim Henson. Muppets first appeared on an educational show called Sam and Friends, and then they appeared on Sesame Street. Later, people made “The Muppet Show” for fun instead of education. The Muppet show has many unique Muppets, such as Kermit the Frog, Grover, and Oscar.

The first character made by Jim Henson was Kermit the Frog. It is the most famous Muppet on the show. The original Kermit puppet was made out of Jim Henson's mom’s coat. After many years, people decided to change Kermit from brown to green. One fun fact about Kermit is that he was originally meant to be a lizard, but he looked like a frog when Jim Henson initially finished making him. Therefore, Kermit remained a frog.

Another puppet that was featured in Sesame Street was Grover.  Grover is loyal, helpful, and always tries his hardest. Grover was originally green, but then people changed him to blue. When Grover was introduced to the show, he didn’t have a name. Grover was first introduced on The Ed Sullivan Show, and then he joined Sesame Street.  

Oscar is a green, rude Muppet, but he was purple in one of Jim Henson's drawings. His voice was inspired by a taxi driver. He also used to be orange for a very short period of time. He lives in a trash can, so this is why he likes trash. Oscar’s attitude is based on a grouchy waiter.

There are many Muppets, and some of them are very unique puppets. Oscar is rude, Grover is loyal and helpful, and Kermit the Frog is a funny Muppet. All of the Muppets make the shows very funny, popular, and unique. The Muppets are controlled by strings or by hands. The Muppet Show characters are all unique in their own ways.